some 27 a psalm of David
some 27 a psalm of David the Lord is my light and my salvation
the Lord is my light and my salvation
the Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear the Lord is the
whom shall I fear the Lord is the
whom shall I fear the Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be
strength of my life of whom shall I be
strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid when the wicked came against me
afraid when the wicked came against me
afraid when the wicked came against me to eat of my flesh my enemies and foes
to eat of my flesh my enemies and foes
to eat of my flesh my enemies and foes they stumbled and fell though an army
they stumbled and fell though an army
they stumbled and fell though an army main camp against me my heart shall not
main camp against me my heart shall not
main camp against me my heart shall not fear though war may rise against me in
fear though war may rise against me in
fear though war may rise against me in this I will be confident
this I will be confident
this I will be confident one thing I have desired of the Lord
one thing I have desired of the Lord
one thing I have desired of the Lord that I will seek that I made dwell in
that I will seek that I made dwell in
that I will seek that I made dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my
the house of the Lord all the days of my
the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord
life to behold the beauty of the Lord
life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to enquire in his temple for in the
and to enquire in his temple for in the
and to enquire in his temple for in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his
time of trouble he shall hide me in his
time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion in the secret place of his
pavilion in the secret place of his
pavilion in the secret place of his Tabernacle he shall hide me he shall set
Tabernacle he shall hide me he shall set
Tabernacle he shall hide me he shall set me high upon a rock and now my head
me high upon a rock and now my head
me high upon a rock and now my head shall be lifted up above my enemies all
shall be lifted up above my enemies all
shall be lifted up above my enemies all around me therefore I will offer
around me therefore I will offer
around me therefore I will offer sacrifices of joy in his tabernacle
sacrifices of joy in his tabernacle
sacrifices of joy in his tabernacle I will sing yes I will sing praises to
I will sing yes I will sing praises to
I will sing yes I will sing praises to the Lord here Oh Lord when I cry with my
the Lord here Oh Lord when I cry with my
the Lord here Oh Lord when I cry with my voice have mercy
voice have mercy
voice have mercy also upon me and answer me when you said
also upon me and answer me when you said
also upon me and answer me when you said seek my face my heart said to you your
seek my face my heart said to you your
seek my face my heart said to you your face Lord I will seek do not hide your
face Lord I will seek do not hide your
face Lord I will seek do not hide your face from me do not turn your servant
face from me do not turn your servant
face from me do not turn your servant away in anger you have been my help do
away in anger you have been my help do
away in anger you have been my help do not leave me nor forsake me O God my
not leave me nor forsake me O God my
not leave me nor forsake me O God my salvation
salvation
salvation and my mother forsake me and the Lord
and my mother forsake me and the Lord
and my mother forsake me and the Lord will take care of me teach me your way O
will take care of me teach me your way O
will take care of me teach me your way O Lord and lead me in a smooth path
Lord and lead me in a smooth path
Lord and lead me in a smooth path because of my enemies do not deliver me
because of my enemies do not deliver me
because of my enemies do not deliver me to the will of my adversaries for false
to the will of my adversaries for false
to the will of my adversaries for false witnesses have risen against me and such
witnesses have risen against me and such
witnesses have risen against me and such as brave of violence I would have lost
as brave of violence I would have lost
as brave of violence I would have lost heart unless I had believed that I would
heart unless I had believed that I would
heart unless I had believed that I would see the goodness of the Lord in the land
see the goodness of the Lord in the land
see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living
of the living
of the living wait on the moon be of good courage and
wait on the moon be of good courage and
wait on the moon be of good courage and he shall strengthen your heart wait I
he shall strengthen your heart wait I
he shall strengthen your heart wait I say on the Lord
say on the Lord
say on the Lord [Music]